ingress: Update docs with network policy example (#31060)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/troubleshooting_servicemesh.rst

.. note::

>     The originating source IP is used for enforcing for ingress traffic.

Reviewer: Grammar suggestion:

```suggestion
    The originating source IP is used for enforcing ingress traffic.
```

>     The original source IP is used for enforcing ingress policy for Ingress.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "original" here? It kind of implies that there could be masquerading. Maybe the following would be more clear?

```suggestion
    The originating source IP is used for enforcing Ingress policies for ingressing traffic. 
```

 Also, do you think you could add more context to the statement? What are the consequences that the user should be aware of since the source IP is used to enforce ingress policies?

Author: Thanks, I have removed Ingress wording, as the same will be applicable for Gateway API as well.
